[This drama comes with BM subtitles]
[Romance on the farm]
[Episode 13]
good.
Mrs. Zhang, I'm back.
of.
I'll come back first.
Mrs. Zhang, there’s a lot of wine.
that's right.
Put a little more.
Shen Nuo, get another bucket of water.
wheat,
Where did dad go?
Why don't you see him?
Isn't he
to make
wine distillation equipment
For you?
I forgot because I was busy.
It doesn't matter.
Tam, let's milk it quickly.
So there is Brother Heng
Can ferment more.
Let me do it.
Mali.
man,
Shen Nuo left.
What are your future plans?
What do you mean?
Just one less person to chat with.
Fewer and fewer people offer ideas
One less person to talk business with, right?
No big deal.
I can help you.
You always help me.
I mean,
I can help you more.
quote,
blush,
Fermentation.
Doesn’t all this require manpower?
Thank you Brother Heng.
But you're not cut out for all of this.
you
Study your medical books carefully.
if i really need help
I will tell you
How do you know I'm not suitable?
I can do everything Shen Nuo can do.
OK
I will take you to a place tomorrow.
If the herbal collector says so
There is indeed a bandit stronghold nearby,
It feels like it's close.
we don't know yet
About the situation there.
If you are in a hurry to go there
Success may not be easy.
Looking for help?
No need to rush.
Berdasarkan sikap Yu Xiangjin,
He cannot be fought with violence.
He grabbed the balance book
because he remembers
This spreadsheet is very useful.
He could get something with it.
Let's go investigate first.
maybe we really can
deal with him.
hurry up.
It feels like this is the place.
There are many doormen here.
Let’s take a look around first.
We split up.
OK
Isn't this my brother and your brother?
Look, we're here
There are many destinies.
Let's meet soon.
correct?
Don't pretend to be close to us.
If you two don't cause trouble
We transferred gold, silver, calligraphy and paintings
From Song Mansion to here.
Why do you say that?
Didn’t we get that too?
Our stuff, right?
According to your situation,
You're waiting for us here, right?
Our leader said,
He took your stuff
You will definitely come to him.
Whether you can find it or not,
Depends on your ability.
Didn't expect that
You can really come to Black Tiger Castle.
Okay, let's go.
please.
go ahead.
The leader is ahead.
faster.
Come quickly.
Everyone, relax.
Run slowly.
Don't fall.
So beautiful again.
Main leadership.
Bro, isn't it?
Eldest sister, eldest brother.
You can really find it here.
Hello, Director Yu.
How are you two doing?
Can you find it here?
Quite smart.
Ketua Yu.
Why are there so many frail old women and children?
In this fortress?
Why?
you really feel it
Is this a bandit den?
most people here
They are all ordinary people
Who is homeless.
Some people's fields were robbed
noble lord
Some of their families are in trouble
until losing identity
and family registration information.
They go up the mountain because they don't know where to go.
finally,
everyone gathers here
and form
black tiger fort
What you see now.
so,
Why are you
Pretending to be a troupe and robbing someone on the street?
What's wrong with robbing someone on the street?
we robbed
Rich businessman who makes excessive profits
and corrupt officials.
we never
Even ordinary people are grabbing it.
You two can see for yourselves.
Where is this place?
This is a very poor place.
If sister doesn't arrange for us
Go down the mountain and rob a little bit,
There are so many people here,
Do you want to support them?
You came on time.
Come together you two.
This is easy to manage.
Take action when they come.
Where is this place?
This is a government road.
There are always government soldiers standing guard there.
There are also government soldiers patrolling.
I'm telling you, it's too dangerous to continue acting.
that's right.
If so, we act now
Government troops do not patrol.
Doesn't this work?
Why am I afraid of the government?
I really want to defeat the government!
The boss of this business team
An escort agency was established.
People were taken out
Surely everyone is good at fighting.
wait,
We need to talk again.
You are a coward.
Who is Black Tiger Fort afraid of?
You are a coward!
Should Black Tiger Fortress be afraid of him?
Go...to the side.
What does this have to do with you?
you are stupid.
Who are you calling stupid?
I said you are stupid.
You are a fool.
Everyone shut up!
Bro, isn't it?
here
It's a great place for action.
OK
Everything looks good.
As soon as Boss Hu comes out
Appear from here...
Andak, Art.
of.
You're blocking their way out
From the right rear direction.
- OK.
Yasue,
You were here then.
Well, leave it to me.
It's obviously Yu Xiangjin
knew we were coming
Take a balancing book,
But he said nothing.
Instead, he asks us to listen
They planned to rob in the street.
Do you know why?
certainly.
Of course they want to be nice, let's see.
He is observing our attitude
Let’s see if we are allies.
Does everyone understand?
- Understood!
Everyone must concentrate when the time comes!
OK
for.
This unscrupulous trader
Who deliberately robbed your property?
And cause your family to break up.
In a few days, you will
Lead us!
cannot.
brothers and sisters,
I want to say something.
a few more days,
Boss Hu, you know how to rob?
Be a member of an escort agency.
He is very capable.
If you really fight him
In addition to being able to grab things,
On the contrary, it is easier for you
suffered serious losses.
both sides of the road
Suffering such serious injuries,
in my opinion,
useless.
Are you saying my sister is useless?
- I'll rip your mouth off.
- well.
Let him speak.
I can help you
solve this matter
Sacrifice no one.
Really, sister?
Don't brag.
Ketua Yu.
Since you knew we were coming,
Anyway, you let us hear about your robbery on the street.
You're testing our attitude, aren't you?
You want to see it too
Can we give you an idea.
in this case,
I don't want to hide anymore
I hate corrupt officials too
and wealthy businessmen who plunder the interests of others.
I am willing to do my best to help Director Yu.
As for the method,
I have a good idea.
The condition is that after success,
I want my ledger back.
Ketua Yu.
main leaders,
Do you have any opinion?
The backgrounds of the two boys are unclear.
Leave this important matter to them,
Not safe.
He deliberately arranged thirteen
Join our opera company.
He also introduced me to the subordinates of the Song family
Then we can perform at the Song House
And help him sneak into the residence.
After sneaking into Song Mansion,
He didn't get a penny.
He just took the book.
It doesn't feel easy.
Coincidentally, we can take advantage of this opportunity
Check his background.
It’s been a long time since I went up the mountain to collect herbs.
but i didn't notice
This is a thermal pool cave.
man,
We grow leafy greens.
But, winter is coming.
Can it be done?
As long as the temperature and humidity are right.
I don't even know if it will work.
try it.
Okay, let's try it.
elder sister!
elder sister.
Why?
Laojin...
Uncle Lao Jin said...
Speak slowly.
Uncle Jin said
He has told the villagers
You and brother Youheng
Will get married.
what else?
He said the date had been set.
Wait until you two hug each other in three years.
(Meaning to have two children within three years)
elder sister,
What is "Two Hugs in Three Years"?
Meaning, a guy named Tiga
Another one named Dua
Embrace
What happens after the hug?
Then...
For that reason.
It feels like there are crickets in it.
Go find it.
man,
sorry.
I think it's because my father saw us both
We are always together these days
And then my father said this.
But if this matter
scattered in the village,
Your reputation will be damaged.
I'll explain it to him now.
Brother Heng.
Shisanli Village is actually not big.
After everyone chatted,
In less than two hours, word of the incident spread throughout the village.
Let them chat.
Don't be angry with Uncle Jin
because of this.
you do not mind?
This is not true,
Why do I care?
Brother Heng.
I've been having a problem.
Why Uncle Jin?
Not letting you study medicine?
I don't know either.
I've asked him several times.
He just said,
Compared to becoming a doctor,
Working in a bank is lucrative.
finally,
I don't even argue with him anymore.
I secretly read medical books
And treat the villagers well.
If Uncle Jin
It's fun to disagree,
you can
Keep doing it secretly.
Don't you want to own your own medical center?
Definitely want it.
But what I have learned now
Just the basics.
Still far
rather than proficiency.
This is better
If one day,
I can become a student of a famous doctor
openly
And study medicine seriously.
Obviously,
Brother Heng
There are admirable teachers.
Gao Yang dari Beichuan,
He Zhixiang dari Lingnan.
They all come from famous medical families.
Dr. Hu from Imperial Medical Center
He is an expert in traditional Chinese medicine.
But it’s hard to meet
Famous therapists like them
No recommender needed,
Not to mention treating me as a student.
Now that you have a goal,
What do you mean to try?
Maybe you will succeed.
This is it, Brother Heng.
you
Read a book in this cave.
No one messes around here.
After all, this place is backed by a mountain.
maybe you can find it
Many traditional herbal medicines.
OK
If I read here
I can also help you take care of your vegetables.
Drink water while diving.
Thank you Brother Heng.
This cave,
I need to take advantage of it too.
You must help me.
promise me.
Wrap your little finger and make a promise.
It won't change in a hundred years.
If it changes, that person is a fool.
Let's eat.
Tan, remember.
Then there were only four people eating.
In our house.
elder sister,
Where has Brother Shen Nuo gone?
My sister doesn't know.
Come and eat.
Maner.
Actually it's been a long time
I want to ask you.
Shen Nuo ini
Leave without even saying goodbye.
Is something happening?
He has grown up,
what happens?
after all,
He has nothing to do with me.
We have no control over where he goes.
Can't say that.
Shen Nuo ini
Nominally your mother's nephew.
even your grandparents
I asked him where he was
repeatedly.
He has been living with us for a long time.
He is also half a member of the Lian family.
Oh,
mark.
sorry.
All that's left is about Shen Nuo.
Already worried you
Maner.
Actually, mom and dad
Don't worry
Because Shen Nuo left.
reason
After he left,
Man'er, not always
smile again
In this life,
There must be something for a man
incomprehensible
And overcome it mentally.
but,
When rice grows in the fields,
This live broadcast
Must continue as usual.
three meals a day
You also need to eat as usual, right?
After all, our wine
Do you still need to continue?
correct?
of.
So, anyway,
We must look forward.
Why?
there is nothing.
I just don't think so
my father
So many facts can be told.
Let's eat.
Eat a little more.
Mom, thank you.
Finally I see you smiling.
This is enough.
Eat a lot, Tan.
WHO？
brother?
what are you doing here?
I...
Just pass by here.
no.
A room on the east side,
A room on the west side.
Can you pass by here too?
Just pass by here.
Obviously,
us
Be careful in the future.
many people want it
Our house wine.
It doesn't matter.
That
Just a jar for fermenting wine.
It's not over yet.
This final secret procedure...
no.
Why did dad run away?
Yes
He was scared when he found out
how you make wine,
He can't keep secrets.
Forced by your grandmother, she continues to reveal secrets.
It would be better if he didn't know.
If so, don't tell him.
Yes.
He was supposed to run so fast.
Finally, the distillate is ready.
Mali,
Check out the barrel your father made.
See how it turns out.
first fermentation period
too short.
Texture is affected.
Let me try.
child,
Why do I taste this wine?
Is it delicious?
Let me try.
how?
I really don't understand,
But I think it's pretty good.
That's very good.
I've got a bit of a handle on it
The fermentation period of the wine.
This group of wine
It will ferment quickly.
OK
Mom, I want to try it too.
Just smell it and you'll know.
He still felt dizzy after inhaling.
Apparently the alcohol content of this wine
enough
child,
Did you name this drink?
This wine is distilled from grape juice.
Shouldn't it be called?
Distilled liquor?
cannot.
Try to think about it.
例如，Arak Merah Johan 和 Arak Merah Puteri。
The name of each wine
too delicious
so,
If you want this wine to sell,
Must have a good name.
make sense.
that's right.
What should this wine be called?
Brandi?
how?
Is alcohol a problem?
there is a question.
And, this is a very big problem.
Very good.
That's very good!
This wine is really good.
But around this area,
never existed
Arak brandy.
feel like
Hard to sell
Regarding the issue of selling alcohol,
I've already thought about it.
Sir, listen.
Now the district examination is approaching,
We named this wine
Brandi Red John
And make it famous.
I came up with a slogan.
After drinking John's wine,
It must be johan in the test!
This is a good idea.
Whenever regional exams are approaching,
everyone is fighting
Buy asparagus porridge,
Pig's trotter book (pronounced the same as pass), etc.
Just to get good luck.
that's right.
After buying John's wine,
We give Kuih Johan.
This means good things come in pairs.
I bought three big jars,
Give a small jar.
We also offer financial aid for education.
I gave another bowl of Bubur Lulus
There are also some side dishes.
we also give
bowls, plates,
settings or other.
[Restoran Fuchun]
Eventually it was sold.
Soon, I will make a profit of 1,000 gold coins.
I feel something is wrong.
group.
Turn left onto the government road.
There are government soldiers patrolling the roadside.
This is safer.
but we need it
It will take at least one day and one night to cross the mountain.
If the road ahead is straight, we can take a shortcut.
Very short trip.
But compared with before,
Thieves always show up.
There are so many of us, what are we afraid of?
that's right.
In this area,
Who doesn't face us?
then,
We used to help magistrates
Destroy the castle seven or eight times.
At that time we were using attacks...
help!
What will happen in the future?
There are robbers on the highway.
Then run away quickly.
hurry up!
Come on, let's go!
What do we say about taking shortcuts?
heartless.
I support you in vain.
It's all useless!
You follow the ways of heaven.
If you see a robber, stop him!
You go too!
Others carry things
Take the shortcut with me.
What are you afraid of? I'm here.
Come on, come on, let's go.
Come on, come on.
Trapped.
brother,
I know you are a kind person.
???When I open it???
???My blood is burning???
can you let me go?
???After the smoke clears, what is the battle? ? ?
I am willing to pay this amount.
? ? ? This is me? ? ?
agree.
???After going through the challenges???
???Use instinctive movements???
attack!
???Hide a huge attack barrier???
brother!
? ? ? I have no limits? ? ?
Don't run!
? ? ? Cross this level? ? ?
brother!
? ? ? try best? ? ?
Do not move!
???This is the belief I strive for???
- Let me go!
- Do not move!
???When your destiny is put to the test???
Listen here, friends!
???Bring my desire???
Take and plunder what is due!
? ? ? Fight to the end? ? ?
brother,
???Come back after the challenge???
You read it wrong.
Boss Hu is indeed weak.
When we draw our swords
He kept peeing because he was scared!
I tell you,
This time it's Brother Shen's service.
Brother Shen, you are such a handsome guy
it's great
He pointed there with his finger,
And five fingers.
Boss Hu still remembers
He succeeded
This is not good for you, try saying it!
How bad you are!
Even sir can't see...
who is my brother
Use tactics to lure the enemy,
Then the tactics confuse the enemy.
at last,
Causing enemies to fall into traps.
No one was killed,
Keep catching enemies!
great!
Let's drink together!
Mali!
Already very happy!
Come and drink!
Come on, hurry up!
Mali!
You are really talented.
Before that, we didn't know, we didn't love.
We became friends from now on.
friends.
this is my pride
Because you can be appreciated by the leader.
What I promised before...
This fort has rules.
This time counts
Brother Shen gave us a reunion gift.
It was just a little theft.
not enough to change
Something my boss promised, right?
you mean
Do you want to break your promise?
Our leader is shy.
Some things were not suitable for him to say.
So, I would say.
what is the point
Do you want that thing?
I want to use this thing
Just to get cash for a cow.
I think
It's not easy, right?
Mali!
Today is a happy day.
We just have a drink and don't talk about anything else.
Mali.
Brother Shen,
I'm very impressed
Brave people like you.
What is the word?
Do you want to stay here for a few more days?
Let's have a nice drink and chat.
Coincidentally, some of my people are leaders
You can also come to us for guidance.
Let's drink.
Mali.
Come on, Brother Shen,
Saudara Thirteen.
Just stay here.
Tomorrow I
Take you to try soy sauce roasted pork leg
di Restoran Yuefeng.
Really too fat
It's enough to leave your mouth greasy for three days.
I don't want to scold you, why...
OK!
Mali!
Come on, have some drinks!
Flower it!
drink!
Let's drink!
We still don't know where the book is.
Let's wait and see.
Flower it! let!
Mali!
Let's get it done!
drink.
???The river flows east???
???The stars in the sky surround the Big Dipper???
???Around the Big Dipper???
? ? ? Do not look back? ? ?
Still wondering?
Think slowly.
If you're drunk, go back to your room and sleep.
No.
I go first.
Where is my wine?
? ? ? Catch up? ? ?
? ? ? Nothing can be done? ? ?
???Betting hopes are too high???
【13.3 gold coins】
? ? ? Your hair is all white? ? ?
Finally got money.
? ? ? let's go? ? ?
? ? ? Is it hard to survive? ? ?
???Crossing the sea of ​​people???
? ? ? Have you left? ? ?
? ? ? you and me? ? ?
? ? ? Difficult to separate? ? ?
???The arrangement of fate???
? ? ? Don't let me wake up from my dream? ? ?
? ? ? Make me stop? ? ?
???Beyond time and space???
? ? ? Come on, come on, chase me? ? ?
???Come on, let’s go???
? ? ? Wandering? ? ?
? ? ? Catch up? ? ?
? ? ? Nothing can be done? ? ?
???Betting hopes are too high???
? ? ? Your hair is all white? ? ?
? ? ? let's go? ? ?
? ? ? Is it hard to survive? ? ?
???Crossing the sea of ​​people???
? ? ? Have you left? ? ?
Come and see it quickly!
Amber comes from cracks formed a thousand years ago.
After 10 years of hard study, I finally became famous.
candidate,
[Arak Merah Johan Education Financial Aid]
after drinking
Our John Red Brandy,
you will pass the test
And got first place!
after people from poor families
buy a can
Our John Red Brandy,
If your name appears in the list of successful candidates after the results are announced,
i will give
Education Financial Aid!
Educational financial aid is divided into three levels.
First prize, five silver coins.
Five silver coins?
Second prize, two silver coins.
Two Tahirs?
Third Prize, Setahir.
Sethahir?
For good luck,
I have to drink a can too.
I want, too.
[John's Red Brandy]
Queue yes.
Don't panic.
Give me a can.
Give me a can, thank you.
This is good wine.
Move a few more jars.
It's already here.
The Song family is here.
hurry up.
Look at this dowry.
Lots of gifts.
Everything is there.
very lucky.
that's right.
There are scholars in his family.
Now, granddaughter
Able to marry into the Song family.
They will succeed.
that's right.
[Task: 1000 gold coins]
[Income: Selling wine at Fuchun Restaurant, +126 years old]
[Cost: Purchase brewing equipment, -13 Tahir]